"When one shews someone the king and says: 'This is the king', this does not tell him the use of thise piece--unless he already knows the rules of the game up to this last point: the shape of the king.Ê You could imagine his having learnt the rules of the game without ever having been shewn the actual piece.Ê The shape of the chessman corresponds here to the sound or shape of a word."One can also imagine someone's having learnt the game without ever learning or formulating rules.Ê He might have learnt quite simple board-games first, by watching, and have progressed to more and more complicated ones.Ê He too might be given the explanation 'This is the king',--if, for instance, he were being shewn chessmen of a shape he was not used to.Ê This explanation again only tells him the use of the piece because, as we might say, the place for it was already prepared.Ê Or even: we shall only say that it tells him the use, if the place is already prepared.Ê And in this case it is so, not because the person to whom we give the explanation already knows rules, but because in another sense he is already master of a game."Consider this further case: I am explaining chess to someone; and I begin by pointing to a chessman and saying: 'This is the king; it can move like this,....and so on.'--In this case we shall say: the words 'This is the king' (or 'This is called the "king"') are a definition only if the learner already 'knows what a piece in a game is'.Ê That is, if he has already played other games, or has watched other people playing 'and understood'--and similar things.Ê Further, only under these conditions will he be able to ask relevantly in the course of learning the game: "What do you call this?"--that is, this piece in a game."We may say: only someone who already knows how to do something with it can significantly ask a name."And we can imagine the person who is asked replying: 'Settle the name yourself'--and now the one who asked would have to manage everything for himself."Wittgenstein, Philosophical Investigations, section 31-----------------It is, of course, imaginable that two people belonging to a tribeunacquainted with games should sit at a chess-board and gothrough the moves of a game of chess; and even with all theappropriate mental accompaniments. And if we were to see it weshould say they were playing chess. But now imagine a game ofchess translated according to certain rules into a series of actionswhich we do not ordinarily associate with a game - say into yellsand stamping of feet. And now suppose those two people to yelland stamp instead of playing the form of chess that we are usedto; and this in such a way that their procedure is translatable bysuitable rules into a game of chess. Should we still be inclined tosay they were playing a game? What right would one have to sayso?This was our paradox: no course of action could be determinedby a rule, because every course of action can be made outto accord with the rule. The answer was: if everything can bemade out to accord with the rule, then it can also be made outto conflict with it. And so there would be neither accord norconflict here.Wittgenstein, Philosophical Investigations